# showntell

The branches in this repository create pre-configured containers that demonstrate a range of subject specific  notebooks capable of generating media rich content from scratch.

The notebooks should be treated as *generative documents* that contain instructions for generating the media assets that are included within them.

Media assets include, but are not limited to, scientific diagrams and charts, audio files, static and interactive maps and musical notation.

The notebooks show how to create rich content containing interactive and/or dynamically generated, embedded content assets within a Jupyter notebook using standard Python packages.

The containers can be launched via beta.mybinder.org

## Generative Documents

Drawing on ideas of generative music (music that is ever changing and created in a systematic way) and reproducible research (in which self-contained documents blend text, computational scripts, and assets generated by those computational scripts), *generative documents* are viewed as documents that blend text content with rich media assets generated from scripts included within the document.

*Generative documents* support document maintenance through the tight integration of parameterised content and media assets. The generation of media assets supports the automated creation of scientifically accurate charts and diagrams in a reproducible way.

*Generative documents* can be used to support the creation of maintainable academic and educational texts. They also may texts open-ended, in the sense that parameter values can be changed in one place and the document reflowed, with the textual content and media assets that complement it being generated afresh to reflect changed parameter values.

## Topic Specific Examples

The branches of this repository contain enviroment configurations that are intended to support examples in particular topic areas.

*Examples in the branches are still in an early state of preparation. Some of the notebook extensions that hep render rich components may be in a state of disrepair or interact badly with each other. At this stage, the idea is to try to get across an idea of what is possible, and view bugs and issues as things that can be quickly and easily fixed (hopefully!), rather than as blockers.*

Current branches include:

- [`electronics`](../../tree/electronics)
- [`music`](../../tree/music)
- [`chemistry`](../../tree/chemistry)
- [`computing`](../../tree/computing)
- [`astronomy`](../../tree/astronomy)
- [`maps`](../../tree/maps)
- [`maths`](../../tree/maths)
- [`R`](../../tree/R)
- [`3s`](../../tree/3d)

*(Items nearer the top of list are in a better state than ones lower down the list, which may even be empty or completely broken stubs.)*